update Changelog.md and Package.swift to release 0.14.9 (#946)
cossacklabs/themis: CHANGELOG.md

Changes that are currently in development and have not been released yet.

## [0.14.9](https://github.com/cossacklabs/themis/releases/tag/0.14.9), Sep 12th 2022

> ### Themis and Swift Package Manager 
> 
> - Fix the issues #940 and #941
> ([944](https://github.com/cossacklabs/themis/pull/944/)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Hotfix for macOS Themis installed via SPM

- Fixing the code signing issue for macOS Themis installation via SPM ([#944](https://github.com/cossacklabs/themis/pull/944/)).
```
